What's the situation with Mr. Liu now?
We worked well on the construction site before.
Suddenly a hooligan appeared
They want us to pay protection money
If you don't pay, hit our workers
And smash our equipment
How can you even connect a few little hooligans?
Can't solve it
No, they are too shameless.
As soon as we called the police, they ran away
They come back as soon as they start work
He also reversed the black and white video and pretended to be our workers.
Said they owed them their wages
So this is a premeditated targeting of our group
Someone must be jealous of us
Took the project of Tenglong Group
Want to get a black hand
Once we delay the attack
Even if you smash the pot and sell iron, you can't afford it.
There must be someone behind these people
You take me to have a look first
Liu's Group owes wages
All champions of black-hearted enterprises
Liu's Group
What conditions do you need to leave?
Hahaha, you chick is pretty
It's a pity that I'm talking to your boss
Tell you to come out responsibly
You step aside for Lao Tzu
I am such a person in charge, hahaha.
What, you're the one in charge?
You want us to go?
Okay, then pay me back the 100 million you owe us.